add norm2toep (#2)
blaisedelattre/lip4conv: README.md

> # Efficient Bound of Lipschitz Constant for Convolutional Layers by Gram Iteration

Reviewer: The title of the repository is the title of ICML article.
I think it would be good to find a title that encompasses both articles.
Suggestion: "Spectral norms and Lipschitz bounds for Convolutional Layers"

> This repository contains the code for the papers [Spectral Norm of Convolutional Layers with Circular and Zero Paddings](https://arxiv.org/abs/2402.00240) 
> by Blaise Delattre, [Quentin Barthélemy](https://github.com/qbarthelemy), Alexandre Allauzen
> and [Efficient Bound of Lipschitz Constant for Convolutional Layers by Gram Iteration](https://arxiv.org/abs/2305.16173)
> published at ICML 2023 by Blaise Delattre, [Quentin Barthélemy](https://github.com/qbarthelemy), [Alexandre Araujo](https://github.com/araujoalexandre) and Alexandre Allauzen.

Reviewer: Add bullet points.
```suggestion
This repository contains the code for the following articles:
- [Spectral Norm of Convolutional Layers with Circular and Zero Paddings](https://arxiv.org/abs/2402.00240) by Blaise Delattre, [Quentin Barthélemy](https://github.com/qbarthelemy), Alexandre Allauzen
- [Efficient Bound of Lipschitz Constant for Convolutional Layers by Gram Iteration](https://arxiv.org/abs/2305.16173) published at ICML 2023 by Blaise Delattre, [Quentin Barthélemy](https://github.com/qbarthelemy), [Alexandre Araujo](https://github.com/araujoalexandre) and Alexandre Allauzen.
```
